#Twitch GPT Completion Bot
This bot allows users to query GPT-3 completions inside a Twitch chat. Simply type `!ai <text-to-complete>` and the bot will respond with a completion generated by GPT-3.
You can either run pre-built latest executable for windows or run from source code or build your own executable.
##Latest .exe file that you can download and run 
[twitchGPTbotwin64.7z](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1hm3G1vBL0gW08mF7mzpL0_LKC7aI2A6d/view?usp=sharing)

##Requirements

* A Twitch account
* An OpenAI API key (available for free now, just register at their website and go to account -> api keys)


##Installation

Clone this repository to your local machine:

```git
git clone https://github.com/vodkabydlo/GPT-Twitch-Chatbot.git
```

Then get to the directory the bot is in and install all dependencies:
```
npm install
```

To run the app from terminal
```
npm run start
```
to build a standalone .exe 
```
npx electron-builder build --win portable
```

##Usage
One token is approximately 4 characters in english language. All other languages are more expensive and therefore with a set
amount of tokens replies in other languages will be shorter.

Set amount of tokens in the app to set maximum amount of tokens to be spent on each completion. I found it perfect between 50 and 200 tokens.
Less tokens you spend the dumber and shorter responses will be, so for clever responses use 150-200. 

Twitch messages are limited in characters (approx. 500). The bot will split messages if OpenAI's reply is too long and split 

To query a GPT-3 completion, simply type !ai `<prompt>` in the Twitch chat. The bot will respond with a completion generated by GPT-3.

For example, if you type `!ai The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog`, the bot might respond with 
`The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog, but then it turns around and jumps back again just for fun.`



Disclaimer
* This bot uses the OpenAI GPT-3 API, which may generate offensive or inappropriate completions. Use at your own risk.
* Also keep in mind that the bot is using commercial OpenAI API. Initially as of December 2022 OpenAI give you $18 of
free credit and several months to test it. To use it further you will need to pay for GPT. 
* Since bot is using [tmi.js](https://github.com/tmijs/tmi.js), the response of GPT will be from your name.